Depending on your RStudio Cloud pricing plan, you may have access to the ability to tune
your project resources.
To access project resources, we'll need to be within a project or an assignment on RStudio
Cloud.
From here, we can click on the Settings icon at the top of our project and navigate to
the Resources tab.
From here, we can change the amount of memory allocation, CPU allocation, and or the background
execution limit.
RStudio Cloud's pricing is calculated based on project hours and not project runtime.
As such, note that changing our memory allocation and or changing our CPU allocation will change
the project hours consumed by the project based on one hour of project runtime.
For more information, visit rstudio.com or call 1-866-424-7483 to learn more about RStudio
Cloud.